I was not going to blind
I was not even thinking of a bite
You looked so lost
And oh so hungry
I thought you might like some
grilled lamprey for your night
All you had to do was eat
All you had to do was swallow it down
But instead you
Told me you preferred the
Yakitori you just had in town
Ya...
Ya...ki...
Ya...ki...TO...
Ya...ki...TO...RI?!
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
I AM A BIRD OBVIOUSLY AND
YOU COME HERE AND EAT MY FOOD
AND TELL ME THAT IT IS NO GOOD
AND TELL ME YOU PREFER A MEAL
THAT'S LIKE TELLING A COW THAT VEAL
IS DELICIOUS AND--NO, THAT'S IT
IT'S YOU WHO IS THE IDIOT
FOR STRAYING OFF THE TRAIL AT DARK
AND BEING SUCH A FOOLISH MARK
AND INSULTING MY EXPERT SKILLS
AT COOKING SEAFOOD WITHOUT GILLS
SO NOW I'LL SHOW YOU MY TRUE FORM
AS THE NIGHT SPARROW GETS THE WORM
THE WORM IS YOU IF THAT'S NOT CLEAR
I'LL SHOW YOU NIGHT THAT YOU WILL FEAR!
!!! WARNING !!!
!!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!!
!!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!! WARNING !!!